(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(CROWS CAWING)
(BOY GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
(CONTINUES PANTING)
(GRUNTS)
Thank God.
Where's...
(TWIGS CRACKING)
-(LAUGHTER)
-(BOY BREATHING HEAVILY)
(ECHOING LAUGHTER)
(LAUGHTER INTENSIFIES)
(LAUGHTER TURNS INTO CACKLING)
(GASPS)
(LOUD CRACKLING)
(ROARING)
(BOY SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING STOPS)
OFFICER: (OVER RADIO)
Any available units
near William Street
and Vineyard Haven?
Hey, kid,
what you doing out here?
Ronnie? Ronnie Harlow,
is that you?
Dispatch,
let's give Miss Harlow a call.
I think I just found her boy.
OFFICER: (OVER RADIO)
I have the missing juvenile
at Mile Marker 22.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(CROWS CAWING IN DISTANCE)
(CAR DOOR CREAKS AND SHUTS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(ENGINE STARTS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(FERRY HONKS HORN)
WOMAN: Come on, let's go.
(CAR ENGINE IDLING)
WOMAN: Careful.
I told you to stay by...
(CAR REVVING)
(KIDS LAUGHING AND CONVERSING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER
OVER RADIO)
WOMAN: Noah?
Noah, I need your help.
NOAH: Yeah, okay, Mom.
Almost finished.
WOMAN: It's the busiest
time of the season
and your little sister
did all of your chores.
NOAH: Uh, one second.
WOMAN: You're gonna be
late for your game.
Coming.
(CHATTER CONTINUES OVER RADIO)
WOMAN: Noah, come on!
-Hey, Noah.
-Yeah?
I'm not gonna be able
to make it to your game today.
Mom, it's okay. I understand.
I'm used to it by now.
Now I don't know
what you expect me to do.
Hey look,
it's your new arrival.
WOMAN 2: Good morning, dear.
NOAH: Good morning, ma'am.
Enjoy your stay.
Um, Noah...
-I love you.
-Love you too.
Your son?
Yeah.
He seems
like a nice young man.
Oh, he's a handful.
Yeah, well,
they all are at that age.
Trouble from sunrise
to supper.
Uh, I'm Abby.
-You must be Miss Halverson.
-Mmm-hmm.
Uh, we were expecting you...
I put my car
and most of my belongings
in storage for the summer.
So I'll just need a place
to, uh, park my bike.
Of course.
I hope this will
be okay for you.
This'll do just fine.
Now,
when I agreed to let you write
this column for the paper,
I was thinking more
like 100 words
on the upcoming
Little League season
or new ice cream flavors
over at Mad Martha's.
But this... I can't run this.
Why not?
"Peeping Tom
strikes in Chilmark.
"Locals unsettled."
Miss Ashby said she saw a man
looking through
her bedroom window.
What if I told you
it's the same Miss Ashby
who goes down
to the station every week
to file a missing
person's report
on her husband, Walter,
who's been dead
these past eight years.
Okay, but they did find
size 11 men's footprints
right outside of her window.
You are wasting your time
with all this.
Look, I moved here
because Martha's Vineyard
is the safest summer
destination in all America.
Families come from all over
the country to vacation here.
They pick up the Gazette,
they want to read
about sunshine, lollipops.
Not misdemeanor offenses.
You catching my drift?
Look, I think
it's nice and all
that you want to follow
in your father's footsteps.
But, do me a favor.
Give me a story I can run.
COMMENTATOR: Lampkey winds up
and throws the pitch...
(CROWD CHEERING)
COMMENTATOR:
He's heading to second.
He's moved to the third.
That brings up Edgartown's
potential winning run...
-Batter up!
-It's Big Ben Driskel!
BOY: Come on, Ben.
You can do it.
Come on, Ben. You've got this.
COMMENTATOR:
This is Edgartown's
last chance of winning
the season opener.
Down a run with two outs,
here in the city.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Watch this.
(COMMENTATOR SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY)
It's going, it's going.
It's gone!
A home run for Ben Driskel,
as Edgartown wins
the season opener 5-4.
Yeah!
-(LAUGHS)
-COMMENTATOR: What a game!
(CROWD CHEERING)
EUGENE: What kind of a peace
do I mean?
And what kind of peace
do we seek?
Eugene, what did I say about
the whole JFK thing in public?
Well, if I'm going
to be president one day,
-I need to practice.
-NOAH: Practice?
Couldn't even get elected
president of student council.
(ALL LAUGH)
(DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE)
Whoa, whoa. Hold up, will ya?
Noah, why'd you take us
down this way?
SAMMY: Is this old man
Carruthers' property?
I've heard stories about him
at my parents' dinner parties.
Some people think
he was a spy, a bank robber.
Some people even think
he's in witness protection.
Which one's the truth?
Summer of '65.
His wife and kids up
and vanished without a trace.
Nobody can prove he did it.
You know, I bet their bodies
are still buried somewhere
on this property.
There's a story
behind this fence.
This could be my ticket
to getting my article
published by the Gazette.
If I could prove he did it...
Something like this
will make the front page.
It can even go national.
I mean, you're always
dragging us around this island
looking for trouble
for your stupid stories.
Eugene is right.
I'm sorry, Noah.
I mean,
I don't know about this.
Be that way, then.
BEN: Noah, wait.
EUGENE: Okay, whoa.
SAMMY: Hold on. Hold on.
EUGENE: Wait, wait, wait.
Hold on. Hold on. It's...
There's literally...
Guys, look.
-Come on. Go.
-Oh, my God.
No, I really think
we should turn back.
-(SHUSHES)
-No, seriously.
Guys, we shouldn't
be doing this.
SAMMY: This better be good.
I'm missing
Columbo reruns for this.
Guys, guys, I see him.
EUGENE: I didn't think
he came out in the daylight.
What's he doing now?
Digging.
EUGENE: What?
SAMMY:
Maybe you're right, Noah.
Killers keep
all sorts of trophies
buried in their backyard.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
-What was that?
-NOAH: I don't know.
-But I'm gonna find out.
-EUGENE: What?
What? Hey, guys,
there's still time
to turn back.
Oh.
EUGENE: Really don't think
we should do this.
(SHUSHES)
No, seriously.
There's a sign outside, man.
It's private property.
No trespassing.
Do you know what that means?
-BEN: (SHUSHES) Stop it.
-We'll get arrested for this.
Seriously, guys.
He probably killed somebody
with this thing.
BEN: Yes,
he probably did kill somebody!
(CLANGING)
Hide.
-Shh!
-(DOOR CREAKS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
-(WHIRRING)
-(GASPS)
-(WHIRRING CONTINUES)
-(MUFFLED WHIMPER)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(WOOD CREAKS)
We're good.
(SCREAMS)
(ALL SCREAMING)
NOAH: Let's go,
let's go, let's go.
-BEN: Run! Come on.
-(EUGENE SCREAMS)
SAMMY: Come on, let's go.
Come on, guys. Come on.
Let's get out of here.
-SAMMY: Guys, come on.
-Noah, come on, let's go!
I... I left my backpack.
I have to go back.
Forget your backpack.
Let's go. Come on.
I can't.
My notebook's in there.
Forget your backpack.
Let's go.
Forget about it.
It's not worth it.
Noah, come on.
SAMMY: Come on.
We have to go. Let's go, guys.
(INDISTINCT COMMENTARY
OVER RADIO)
BEN: Noah. You up there?
NOAH: What are you
doing out so late?
I got something for you.
Wicked!
-This is like the real thing.
-BEN: It's just like Nomar.
Yeah, now you got
something to wear
to our first game at Fenway.
No, you're kidding.
I'd have to mow 1,000 lawns
before I could afford that.
BEN: Or not.
(BEN CHUCKLES)
NOAH: No way. Thanks, man.
BEN: I got you.
I told you we'd go
to a game one day.
What's wrong?
I'm never gonna
leave this island, am I?
Hey, man, you're going
to get off this island. Okay?
You are going to be
a great journalist.
You might even write
a story about me one day
when I make it
to the big leagues.
I got one more
surprise for you.
-Where'd you get those?
-(BEN CHUCKLES)
I swiped them from my old man.
Look, this girl, Ellie,
we're gonna go
for a night swim,
and we're gonna set off
the first fireworks
-of the summer.
-Whoa, whoa, wait. Ellie...
Ellie Evans?
Yeah. Yeah. You know her?
I know her all right.
Holy smokes.
-You like her.
-Since we were kids.
You know, I can't even
work up the courage
to go say one word to her,
and you come and swoop her up
like Tom Cruise.
Hey, why don't you come
hang out with us tonight?
Oh, no. I... I... I can't.
I'm... I'm sorry, man.
NOAH: It's all right.
It's cool.
-Boo!
-(GASPS)
-(LAUGHS)
-You got me.
Your face.
-So, did you bring it?
-Yeah.
-Of course.
-Let's see.
-Whoa.
-Yeah.
-Where did you get this?
-Well, I can't tell you that.
-ELLIE: Oh, my God.
-(BEN LAUGHS)
ELLIE: Is this legal?
-Last one in?
-Race you there.
(WATER SPLASHES)
(CHUCKLES) Oh, my God,
look at your hair.
BEN: Oh, yeah?
Gotta really look at yours.
-ELLIE: It's perfect.
-Shut up.
No, you shut up.
WOMAN: (IN HOARSE VOICE)
It's dangerous for children
to be out in the ocean
so late at night.
(WOMAN LAUGHS)
Ben?
(WOMAN CACKLES)
(OMINOUS WHISPERING)
What's she doing up there?
I don't know. But I think
we should get out of here.
Yeah. I don't want
to be here anymore.
(WATER SPLASHES LOUDLY)
BEN: Ellie, where'd she go?
ELLIE: I can't see her.
-I can't... (SCREAMS)
-BEN: Ellie!
-Ellie!
-(SCREAMS)
Ellie!
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(BOTH PANTING)
-What was that?
-I don't know. Just go!
Go, Ellie, go!
(ELLIE WHIMPERING)
Go! Come on!
BEN: Ellie!
-Ellie, wait!
-Ben!
(BEN SCREAMING, MUFFLED)
Ben!
(GASPS)
Ellie! Go! Go!
-Ben!
-(MUFFLED SCREAM)
Ben, no!
(LOUD CRACKLING)
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
NOAH: Carruthers.
(POLICE RADIO BEEPS)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION
OVER POLICE RADIO)
OFFICER: Doctor said
Ben will be just fine.
All of his scans
came out negative.
There's nothing to suggest
any sort of trauma,
other than a little water
in his lungs.
A perfectly healthy young man.
Did he say anything
about what happened?
Yeah. I think he's been
going through
sort of a form of PTSD.
It's totally normal
for a situation like this.
He...
goes out in the ocean.
It's cold.
He's disoriented, he's...
It's a riptide.
-He's scared.
-Yeah.
Right now...
time's the best medicine
for Ben.
I don't condone
sneaking out, but...
I do wish someone
could've been there
with him last night.
-You know...
-Yeah.
I just keep telling myself
maybe this never
happened if he...
if he hadn't been
out there all alone.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey, Ben.
Oh, dude, you got the whole
island in a frenzy.
Whoa. You might even make
the six o'clock news.
Ben.
Ben?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC CONTINUES)
Hey, you were with Ben
last night, weren't you?
What happened?
I heard his mom say he was
pulled down by the current.
No.
There was someone else
out there with us.
What are you talking about?
I don't know what happened.
-(ELLIE SNIFFLES)
-It's okay.
You can tell me.
An old woman,
she jumped into the water.
But what pulled him under
was something else.
There was this flash of light.
(VOICE BREAKING)
I didn't know what to do.
I just swam.
It's okay. You were scared.
You didn't do anything wrong.
(ELLIE BREATHING HEAVILY)
You believe me?
I believe you.
I can still hear it, you know,
her cackling.
I can still hear it every time
I close my eyes.
It was like...
like a witch.
We have to tell
the police about this.
-They have to know
-I tried.
They didn't believe me.
Neither did my mom and dad.
I'm sorry, Noah.
REPORTER: About finding
the boy, Ben Driskel,
can you tell us exactly
what happened?
The kids are always jumping
off this pier, you know.
(MUSIC FADES OUT)
-(THUDS)
-(GASPS)
The word "trespass"
mean anything to you?
NOAH: I'm sorry.
I was just, um...
I came to say thank you
for returning my bag.
And, uh, I'm sorry
about the other day.
Me and my friends
kind of lost our way.
GENE: Yeah, funny.
A lot of kids seem to lose
their way onto my property.
Hey, um... how'd you know
where I lived?
GENE: Oh, you weren't
hard to find, kid.
You wrote your initials
in your pack.
You gotta be careful
where you put your name.
A lot of bad people out there
can use it against you.
It's good to know. Thanks.
Well, you found
your way in here.
Just follow the breadcrumbs
and find your way out.
You know, my friends and I
kind of thought you were like,
digging up
a body or something.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you'd like that,
wouldn't you?
Fit right in with the rest
of your body of work.
You read my book?
You did, didn't you?
Yeah, if you're gonna trespass
in my shed back there,
I'm gonna trespass
in your backpack.
-(POLICE RADIO BEEPS)
-(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
Are you a cop or something?
Not anymore.
So you know
about investigations
and stuff like that?
The reason I ask is...
My friend was almost killed at
a jumping bridge last night.
The police say
he got pulled in by the tide,
but that's not what happened.
Somebody pulled him under,
an old lady.
A witch.
Uh-huh. And you saw
this witch, yeah?
Well, no, a girl told me.
Better than a dog.
Listen,
I know this sounds crazy,
but can you just
talk to my friend?
Why don't you give that
Fox Mulder fella a call?
He'd help you.
-You know...
-I'm retired.
Jerk!
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Hey, Noah, bring this up
to Miss Halverson's room.
-Leave it outside the door.
-Okay.
She specifically asked
not to be disturbed.
Fine.
-(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
-(INDISTINCT CHANTING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(CHANTING STOPS)
(DRAMATIC CHORD PLAYS)
(EERIE VOICE ECHOING)
GENE: (ON TV) Hey, get
the lead out, Hank. Come on.
Don't forget this.
GENE: Oh, the B51.
How could we forget that?
Sure you don't
want that in the meantime?
It's gonna be
a long time before you see it.
Daddy, when are we
gonna dig this up?
GENE: Oh, I don't know.
Till you're about
45 years old...
REPORTER: A teenager
is recovering today
after nearly drowning
late last night
at the jumping bridge.
Police say the boy,
Ben Driskel,
was swimming alone
when he was caught
in a rip current.
He was discovered home
by his mother
in the early morning hours.
-(BALL THUDS)
-UMPIRE: Strike three!
What, are you blind, ump?
Your strike zone's been
crap all day!
Get your eyes checked, huh?
Hey, I can make the strike
zone larger if you want.
All right. Listen up, people.
I'm not gonna have those
childish outbursts
on my ball field.
This is baseball, not daycare.
SAMMY: Noah.
Take it easy. Jeez.
-What has gotten into you?
-I'm fine.
-You don't seem fine.
-I'm fine!
GENE: Hey, kid.
Make sure your hips
lead your hands.
That's where all your
power comes from.
Of course, that's when
you're not looking at strikes
or mouthing off
to the ump like a damn fool.
So you're a cop
and a hitting coach now, too?
Hey, I'll talk
to that friend of yours.
Wait, so you believe me?
No, I didn't say that.
I said I'd talk to him.
Heads up, heads up.
(INDISTINCT COMMENTARY)
-NOAH: Come on.
-(GENE GRUNTS)
Is this absolutely necessary?
-I'm afraid so.
-Right.
People on this island
are scared of you.
Especially moms.
Yeah, well, creeping out
of the bushes like this
ought to really
put their fears to bed.
-Ben, this is Mr. Carruthers.
-Uh, Gene.
Hi, Ben.
Ben?
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
Hi.
-Does Ben smoke weed?
-No.
You mind
if I check you out there, Ben?
-Sure.
-Okay.
Let me see. Neck.
So can you tell me
what happened down there?
You know, by the bridge.
I was swimming.
It was dark.
Tried to swim back to shore...
But I couldn't.
The water kept pulling.
But that's not
what Ellie said.
One second.
How did you get back
to shore, Ben?
Tried to keep my head
above water.
Bright flash.
Washed up on the beach.
You're gonna be
just fine, kid. (GROANS)
That's it?
-Where are you going?
-Well, you know,
I got to get back
to the castle before sundown.
You know,
I'll take the forest path.
I don't want
the townsfolk to see me.
-Pitchforks, fire, ooh.
-Yeah, that's not funny.
-Yeah.
-This is serious.
Look...
If he was pulled under water
and held down, like you said,
that would have
required some force.
That kind of force
would leave a mark
on his arms, his neck,
something.
If there was a struggle,
he'd have bruises,
nail marks, scratches.
Not to mention the fact
that there is no such thing
as witches.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I'll get back to retiring.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
Hey, why'd you lie back there?
You know,
Ellie told me what happened.
Now what are you hiding?
I thought you were my friend.
I didn't lie.
Sorry.
Hey, um, I brought
something for you.
Your favorite.
Go on, eat 'em.
(SPITS)
Gross.
NOAH: Mom, something happened
to Ben that I can't explain.
ABBY: Hey,
keep your voice down.
You're gonna disturb the guest
and you're going
to scare your sister.
NOAH: She should be scared.
Something is out there.
(ARGUMENT CONTINUES
IN THE BACKGROUND)
-Oh.
-Mmm.
(CHUCKLES) I'm sorry.
Did I scare you?
I don't like when they argue.
HALVERSON:
Of course you don't.
Mmm.
Are you familiar
with Peter Pan?
Mmm-hmm.
It's one of my favorites.
HALVERSON: You know,
when I was a little girl,
my family used to argue a lot.
And you know what I would do?
Mmm-mmm.
I would close my eyes
and I would think
of lovely, happy thoughts.
(WHISPERING) Maybe that's
something that you can do.
Think about
all the things that you love.
LILLY: I like being
with my best friends.
ABBY: Look, I am sorry
that your father isn't here.
But you know what?
It isn't easy for me either.
So you need to stop taking
your frustrations out on me.
How about you stop pretending
you wanna be here
any more than I do?
Mom. Mom.
LILLY: (MUMBLING)
...chocolate.
Lilly honey?
NOAH: What are you doing?
Thinking happy thoughts.
(LILLY GIGGLES)
I'm telling you,
something happened to Ben
that I can't explain.
You know, he came home,
but he's not the same.
It's like he's a zombie out
of Night of the Living Dead.
If it was a witch...
SAMMY: (EXHALES DEEPLY) Hmm.
...it's as if she took
something away from him.
That's it, Noah.
I know you need
some big hotshot article
for the paper you're writing,
but this is getting
out of hand.
This isn't about some article
for the paper.
This is about
what happened to Ben.
Yeah, but witches
aren't real, man.
Just because some girl
you have the hots for
tells you something
doesn't make it true.
Look, I know things
have been tough
since you lost your dad.
What's he got to do with this?
It seems like
ever since he's been gone,
you've been searching for evil
around every corner
of this island,
when there just
ain't none to be found.
If you don't wanna believe me,
then don't believe me.
But somebody...
Something is still out there.
If we sit around
and do nothing,
kids are gonna get hurt.
Including us.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(STRUMMING MELLOW TUNE)
(FIREWORKS WHISTLING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER CONTINUES)
(MOUTHING)
BOY: Good luck, Kevin.
(LAUGHTER)
KEVIN: Hey, we should
really keep on the fire.
It's dangerous out there.
They call this place
"no man's land"
for a reason, you know.
My grandpa said
that in World War II
they used this place
as a bombing range.
(SHUSHES)
Sorry.
I'm just trying
not to get blown to bits
before I get
my driver's license.
-(GIRL SHUSHES)
-(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
-(ROARING)
-(KEVIN SCREAMING)
(LOUD EXPLOSION)
Apparently,
a boy accidentally set off
some unexploded ordnance
during an illegal beach party.
They were lucky
no one was killed.
I am happy to report
that the only injuries
appear to be a minor case
of shell shock from the blast.
-Kevin?
-(PHONE RINGING)
REPORTER:
This is the third incident...
ABBY: Noah, it's for you.
It's the typewriter
repair man.
Hello?
GENE: Why the hell
do you still own a typewriter?
Are you crazy?
You can get me into so much
trouble calling me here.
The boy.
Did you know him?
There was this time
when I did, yeah.
Did you see
the look in his eyes?
The vacant look. Same as Ben.
Yeah, nobody's home.
Meet me at the docks
in an hour.
Where are we going?
No man's land.
I need to have a look
at those woods.
Don't you think
they've been searched already?
-Not by me.
-(LINE DISCONNECTS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(EXCLAIMS)
Two sets of tracks here,
coming back from the party
back there, going in there.
One of them's Kevin's,
the other,
I think it's a girl.
NOAH: You can tell all of that
from the footprint in the mud?
Oh, yeah. I got socks
older than you, son.
I've been doing this
a long time.
Listen, why don't you
hang back here?
I best go in there alone.
What?
GENE: No. Stay here.
Really, it's safer.
-I'm not a kid, you know!
-Yeah, you are.
(CROW CAWING)
(GENE GRUNTS)
(EXCLAIMS)
Kid, you scared the...
Didn't I tell...
You got a hearing problem?
Yeah. I didn't come all
this way to sit by that fence.
Now what are you looking at?
A coronary,
if you don't get back here.
Quit jumping out
of the bushes on me.
Now I want you
to stay behind me.
You step where I step,
all right?
It's kind of dangerous
out here.
I don't want you
all over the place.
Hey, this place
is kind of spooky.
Yeah.
A fellow could
bury a kid in these woods
and nobody
would ever find him.
(CHUCKLES)
It's a joke.
You need to loosen up, kid.
Come on.
Ooh, hang on.
Something happened here.
That's weird.
The footprints change.
Yeah, Kevin ran off this way.
He's running,
running, running.
He got to about here, and...
Then it stopped.
Whoever did the...
Whoever did the chasing
ran off this way.
Kevin kept meandering
over there... (EXCLAIMS)
-(GENE GRUNTS)
-Ooh!
-You all right?
-Yeah, I'm just resting.
Piece of advice, kid.
Don't get old. (GRUNTS)
Whoa.
Whoa, man.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
I think I've seen
this material before.
I think at the jumping bridge.
Well, whoever set
this bad boy off...
it sure wasn't Kevin.
There's no way he could
have got out of here
without getting splattered,
you know.
Something doesn't add up here.
Well, whoever set it off,
I don't get it.
There's no blood,
no guts, no nothing.
It's like impossible.
(GENE EXHALES HEAVILY)
I'll be damned.
Looks just like a broom,
doesn't it?
Oh, shut up.
There is a witch
on the island.
This can't be real.
It is. All of it.
Here. I've done some research.
Okay.
So witches need
to feed on kids
to survive and replenish
their many powers.
And if they don't,
they can become weak
and they could die.
They can change their forms
to blend in
like normal people.
And they can even use spells
to control stuff
with their mind.
I think there's something
you guys should know.
I made a call to the bullpen.
Got our closer.
What are you talking about?
Who?
-Oh, my...
-What are you, nuts?
Hey, guys, it's okay.
I invited him.
EUGENE: Stay back, man.
SAMMY: Yeah. Back off.
GENE: Easy, fella.
-NOAH: Put the bat down.
-I ain't putting the bat down.
SAMMY: Whoa, whoa.
NOAH: Sit.
Well, there's more of you.
I'm going to have to dig
a mass grave now.
What?
(CHUCKLES)
NOAH: Will you two lighten up?
'Kay, Gene. This is Gene.
Sammy, Eugene, this is Gene.
He's a detective.
-Retired.
-NOAH: All right, listen up.
We know she lured
Kevin in those woods,
just like she did Ben.
But she made
a mistake this time.
Set off an explosive
by accident.
So she's dead then?
Nothing could survive that.
I'm not so sure.
I can't explain it.
I mean, there was no blood,
no body, nothing.
No, there wouldn't be,
'cause that's not how
you kill a witch.
Hey, at the end of this
Brothers Grimm story,
the guy uses silver buttons
as bullets to kill the witch.
Silver bullets
only work on werewolves,
-not witches.
-Not true.
They kill monsters. Yeah.
(CHUCKLES)
What, you don't
believe in monsters?
Yeah, I believe
in real monsters.
I mean, I've been chasing them
my whole life.
But what you're talking about,
that's a wart-wearing
fairy tale.
Guys, none of this
makes any sense.
Witches eat kids, right?
They don't turn them
into brain-dead zombies
and then send them home
in time for supper.
Theoretically, yes.
But what if this witch
is different?
Tell him that you told me.
All right, well,
let's say this... this...
-Witch.
-...this suspect
used to live in the town
or on the outskirts of town
and they abduct children
over a period of time.
Stick 'em in the pot
like you say.
But after a handful
of children go missing...
People start to catch on.
Yes. And like all
serial predators...
They move.
Yeah, they go
to the next place.
And they start to recycle
their old behaviors again
because you can't fix
these creeps.
Okay, so...
How do we find her?
Well, Kevin followed her
in the woods willingly,
and I'm certain of that.
But for that to have happened,
she must have made him
feel safe, comfortable.
She could have posed
as a friend or...
or an old lady.
Because that's what
Ellie said she was
when she jumped off the bridge
and came after Ben.
So that means she could be
anyone at any time,
just like the T-1000.
NOAH: Right.
We have to find her.
It's only a matter of time
before she feeds again.
Well, if you want to believe
in fairy tales,
it's up to you,
but I will admit
that there is something
rotten in Mayberry.
I'll call an old buddy
of mine at the bureau.
See if I get some extra
resources on this.
In the meantime,
keep your eyes peeled.
If you see anybody suspicious,
particularly with burn marks,
scarring, a wound maybe,
from that blast...
Do not accept poison apples
from old ladies, all right,
with warts on their noses
and broomsticks.
EUGENE: (SIGHS)
Let's get out of here.
NOAH: Hey, hey, um...
Uh, the book you gave me,
I've been reading it, but...
I don't get it.
What has Richard Nixon
got to do with me?
Oh. Just get to the end
of the book, kid.
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
(SEAGULL SQUAWKING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYS)
(GASPING)
NOAH: She's leaving.
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(DOORKNOB RATTLES)
(PANTING)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUFFLED GASP)
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(WAVES SPLASHING)
Do you really think it's her?
NOAH: Yeah.
All of this started as soon
as she arrived for the summer.
I don't know why
I didn't see it till now.
She was at the jumping
bridge, watching,
the day after Ben was taken.
(SIGHS) I heard her chanting
this weird chant
in her bedroom one time.
You know,
she comes and goes all hours,
and the moment she comes back,
she doesn't want
to be disturbed.
And look at how she dresses.
So why'd you have me
bring my mom's camcorder?
You're gonna make her watch
my mother's home videos...
(IN HOARSE VOICE) ...till she
shrivels up and dies?
No, I'm gonna follow her
and wait till
she makes her move.
And when she does,
we'll have proof this time.
I don't know, guys. I mean...
My mom doesn't really like me
riding around the island
like this, you know.
SAMMY: She doesn't?
We have to know.
I'm not really
a good liar, so...
And you want
to be a politician?
Guys, guys, she's on the move.
-Come on.
-Okay, come on.
NOAH: Look, she's turning
towards the harbor.
SAMMY: Guys, this is awesome.
I feel like Gene Hackman
in The French Connection.
NOAH: Do you see
all those kids up there?
That's the children's theater.
EUGENE: All-you-can-eat
buffet for witches.
NOAH: I think that's
where she's headed.
You guys spread out
and flank her.
-I'll follow her.
-SAMMY: Let's do this.
EUGENE: You got it man.
(CHILDREN CHATTERING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
NOAH: No!
-(HALVERSON SCREAMS)
-(NOAH EXCLAIMS)
SAMMY: Everyone, watch out!
There's a witch!
EUGENE: She's down!
She's down!
You're under citizen's arrest.
(HALVERSON EXCLAIMS)
GIRL: Oh, my God!
The Holy Water didn't work!
I told you the movies
you watch aren't real, idiot!
Everybody,
stay away from this woman.
She's a witch!
Every kid here is in danger.
I'm not a witch!
I'm Virginia Halverson.
I'm a children's author.
I came here to give
a reading to these people.
(SPUTTERS) What about
the kids' drawings?
-Yeah.
-Those are references.
I'm an illustrator.
Okay, but how do you explain
the list of names
in the bedroom?
(FURIOUSLY)
You were in my room?
How dare you!
But... but...
How do you explain
the chanting
in foreign tongues?
-Yeah.
-I pray in Latin!
Is that okay?
MAN: Come on, kids.
Get off the stage.
WOMAN: Get out of here.
I'm... I'm so sorry, people.
Um, I'll be right back.
-I just need a minute or two.
-MAN: Come on!
(CROWD BOOING)
Come on, man.
Any luxurious hotel would
welcome me with open arms.
Miss Halverson,
please reconsider.
(HALVERSON SIGHS)
But I chose you,
this beautiful house.
And all I asked for was
a little respect and privacy
while I worked on my new book.
I understand. I am so sorry.
I trust that you will
mail back the balance
that I prepaid
for the rest of the summer.
Of course.
Mmm.
(SIGHS)
Mom, I'm so, so sorry.
-I... I... just...
-Get out of my sight.
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT COMMENTARY)
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
(GRUNTS)
Who's that?
Oh.
Hey.
Wow. One of those days, huh?
-Moms.
-Really? Well, come on in.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Want a beer?
I'm kidding. (CHUCKLES DRYLY)
I'll get you a drink anyway.
Here you go.
A little hot choc
fixes everything.
I was supposed to be
at this game with Ben.
Oh, yeah?
You ain't missing much.
This is the best seat
in the house, you know.
Hell of a game, baseball.
Some of the best memories
of my boyhood.
Yeah, there's magic
in baseball.
(CHUCKLES DRYLY)
So you gonna
tell me what happened
at the bookstore today?
Police scanners.
Yep, I don't miss much.
You learned
a valuable lesson today.
One wrong accusation can ruin
a person's reputation forever.
Yeah, that and my mom's entire
business for this summer.
-So...
-She'll come around.
Moms always do.
I just hate to let her down,
you know.
GENE: Mmm.
Especially ever since
my dad's been gone.
I'm sorry.
Are they separated or...
No, um...
-He passed a few years ago.
-Oh.
He was a journalist.
You know,
he would travel the world
and tell people
about his stories.
I couldn't wait for him
to get home.
You know, so he could...
tell me all about
his adventures.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Till...
the last assignment he was on,
there was an accident,
and he never
made it back home.
GENE: Oh, I'm sorry.
It's the little things
I miss the most.
You know, how...
he used to come in my room
with the golf club,
and clear the room
full of monsters
-before I went to bed.
-(CHUCKLES)
Yeah. He sounds like he was
doing his job as a good dad.
I used to do the same
thing for my boy.
Only I used a baseball bat.
I guess the monsters
were bigger back then.
How old's your son?
Well, he'd be 40, this October.
(SPUTTERS)
I'm... I'm... I'm sorry.
Yeah, he was five.
I was driving him
home from school
and, you know,
right front tire blew out,
so I pulled over
to change the tire.
You know,
he was just in the backseat,
blowing bubbles
out the window.
You know, it was a hot day...
And a fellow on a motorcycle
came the other way and said,
"Hey, you need some help?"
I said, "No, I can handle it."
So he took off.
You know, I got the tire
off the car and jack under it.
And that's when that man
on the motorcycle came back,
grabbed my son through
the window and took off.
I jumped in the car
to chase him on three wheels.
The rim was scraping
on the concrete.
I spun out and I hit a tree.
And they disappeared
around the corner.
That's the last time
I saw my boy.
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
Monsters.
Yeah. Monsters.
Yeah. My wife and I,
that tore us up pretty good.
And we tried to stick it out,
but the marriage didn't last.
I spent the last 30 years
just looking for him and...
doing what I do,
but nothing but dead ends.
Well, I still hope
that one day
he'll just up and knock
on the door.
(GENE SIGHS)
What's all this?
Well, this is your
basic detective work.
I mean, it's only a beginning,
but I got a buddy
at the bureau
who sends me names
of all the missing kids
in New England.
I mean, the cases
that haven't been solved.
And as the names come in,
I'll be able to stick
more pins in.
And then I'm hoping
a pattern might emerge
where I can find
routes of travel,
or maybe some kind
of predatory cycle.
NOAH: Ben is not missing.
But he's lost all the same.
Oh, yeah, there's definitely
something weird going on here.
You know, I think
first thing in the morning,
I'll go and talk to the Chief
and tell him there's some kind
of predator here in town.
I'm going with you.
Um, okay. Um...
Let me do the talking,
all right?
When you start
mentioning broomsticks,
they'll put us both
in the nuthouse.
(ENGINE REVVING)
WITCH: What's your name, dear?
I'm Suzy Baker,
would you like...
(ROARING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
GENE: And there's
been two incidents
on this island already
that we know of.
And it could be more
if we sit back and do nothing.
I suggest
you get your deputies
to patrol the beaches, parks,
anywhere kids congregate.
Maybe...
maybe initiate a curfew.
You know,
tell 'em to hang in groups.
Be careful after dark,
that kind of thing.
Okay, you know,
you are overreacting here.
Can you imagine the hysteria
that would cause?
CHIEF: These incidents are not
out of the ordinary.
It just happens every summer.
EDGAR: Yeah. The boy
swims out too far,
gets carried away
by the current.
Okay, prepubescent teen
gets in an accident
out in no man's land.
It's just kids being kids.
That's all there is.
Yeah, at first sight, yes.
But the evidence suggests
that someone else
was involved here.
I mean, there's this strange
set of prints out there
in no man's land
with the Lampkey kid.
And then there was a similar
kind of fabric material
found at both sites.
Okay? Plus, they both have
this vacant look
in their eyes.
Lights are on, nobody's home.
There's something going on.
What are you saying?
You think they're related?
Uh, yeah,
that's what I'm saying.
EDGAR: I gotta say,
I don't think you know
what you're talking about.
I was on the scanner
this morning.
Yeah, I'm watching you people.
But I heard an unusual
amount of calls
coming in from parents,
whose kids disappeared
for short windows of time.
All right? Now you can't pull
the wool over my eyes
like the rest of your readers.
You have a responsibility here
to tell the truth.
I don't need
to stand for this!
Don't tell me
how to run my paper.
(OVERLAPPING ARGUMENT)
Back off. Back off.
Gene, you claim someone else
was involved
in these incidents?
Who exactly
are we looking for?
NOAH: It's a witch.
We found the broom
in no man's land.
Noah...
She's feeding on their souls
and putting 'em
in some kind of...
some kind of spell and sending
them back to their families.
(LAUGHS) Okay.
A witch? Huh? Ain't that rich.
That kid doesn't know what
the hell he's talking about.
He's got a vivid imagination,
all right.
All right. Well, you ain't
wrong about that, Gene.
That boy comes to the Gazette
all the time
trying to publish
all sorts of hogwash.
Not what this island needs,
all right?
That'd be a shame
if his little theory
was mistaken for truth.
Rumors spread
pretty quick on this island.
You should know that
more than anyone.
You hold a lot of power
on this island, Edgar...
by choosing
what you run in the paper.
(SIGHS) You don't want
to warn people, okay, fine.
But, it's on you.
EUGENE: That was so good.
SAMMY: Where should we go?
EUGENE: Oh, boy.
Hey, guys. What are you doing?
We were actually
just on our way home...
Yeah. Yeah.
I've been looking
for you guys.
I've been thinking.
I need to talk to you.
No, I actually
can't hang out today. So...
But I need
to talk to you guys.
Maybe another time.
Oh.
You just can't
hang out with me.
EUGENE: I'm sorry, man.
It's my mom. She thinks
you're a bad influence.
Yeah, and I almost
got grounded
for the rest of the summer
on account of you.
But you know what's out there.
SAMMY: No, we don't, Noah.
And neither do you.
None of your stories
ever add up.
You're not some reporter
for the Boston Globe.
You're just a kid,
and you need to stop
before someone gets hurt.
Okay, well...
You guys enjoy
your summer then.
EUGENE: That was
a little harsh, okay.
Mmm-hmm.
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
-(CROWD CHEERING)
-SAMMY: Come on, Ben.
Come on, Ben.
Come on, Ben. You've got this.
Come on, Ben. You can do it.
(BALL THUDS)
Strike three. You're out.
You okay, bud? Huh?
Someone gonna come help their
friend back to the bench?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
EUGENE: What kind of a peace
do I mean?
What kind of a peace
do we seek?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDS UP)
(MUSIC FADES OUT)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Eugene!
You out there?
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
-(TWIGS SNAPS)
-(GASPING)
(RUSTLING)
Eugene. Eugene. Oh, no!
-Eugene! Eugene!
-(GRUNTING)
Thank God.
What are you doing out here?
It came after me, man.
-What?
-It chased me in here.
What came after you?
(WHIMPERING)
WITCH: Why don't you stop
sticking your nose
where it doesn't belong?
(SCREAMS)
Come on!
Run, Eugene, run!
(WITCH CACKLES)
It was her.
The witch. It's true.
She's... she's real, man.
Yes, that's what
I've been telling...
Stay away from me!
I'm done with all this!
Red algae. Great.
Okay. Okay.
(CAR ENGINE REVS)
(NOAH GASPS)
(EXCLAIMING IN FEAR)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(EVIL LAUGHTER)
(PANTING)
What the hell?
Car chased me. I... I escaped.
(PANTING)
(GRUNTS)
No car out there.
You all right?
Relax, you know,
take a breath.
You okay?
Why the hell would you care?
You... you made me look
like a stupid little kid
down at the diner.
Yeah, you're right. I threw
you under the bus, didn't I?
That was wrong what I did.
And I'm sorry.
It's nothing personal.
It's just those guys,
they wouldn't,
you know, understand.
They wouldn't believe.
You believe me, right?
Yes. I believe there's
something out there.
Look, I'm gonna need
your help on this. All right?
From here on in,
it's just you and me. Okay?
Friends?
-Friends.
-Okay.
Good. Come here.
I want to show you something.
Missing children.
Three or four
in any given town,
right across New England,
all right.
But this place, this town here
in New Hampshire,
this is the most recent amount
of unusual disappearances,
okay?
And their names are...
Let's see.
Melanie Daniels,
Jimmy McMurphy,
Charlie Morgan
and Ronnie Harlow.
And then, guess what
I find this morning.
This missing boy
found wandering in the woods.
It's Ronnie Harlow.
He has the same look
as the others.
What if Charlie Morgan
was her last supper?
After him,
she started changing her ways.
Like she was feeding off
pieces of their souls.
And what if Ronnie Harlow...
What if he was the first one
she was using
this new method on?
Her test subject.
Yeah, I don't know about that,
but I'll tell you
what I do know is,
that Ronnie Harlow
is the first one of these kids
to go missing
and turn up again
with that weird look
on his face, okay.
I'm gonna go out here.
I'm gonna drive out
to New Hampshire tomorrow
and talk to Ronnie's parents.
What are you gonna tell them?
Tell you the truth,
I'm not sure.
This is a parent's
worst nightmare.
Really wrecks a relationship.
Hey, um...
Do you think you're ever gonna
connect with your wife again?
Yeah. You know, I think
that ship has sailed.
There's still time.
No, we're different
people now.
Maybe that's a good thing.
I'm not a kid anymore.
It's not that simple, Noah.
I mean, your youth...
that just disappears
a little piece at a time.
Every heartbreak,
every loss...
Before you know it,
you're just... an old man.
And it happens in a heartbeat.
You wanna live
the rest of your life
alone and miserable,
that's fine.
But I don't wanna hear any more
of that "I'm an old man" BS.
Because at least
you're still here.
You think any of these kids
wouldn't have given anything
for another chance
to grow old?
I'll call you a car
and get you home.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
NOAH: Hi, Mom.
Hey.
Hey... Noah.
Uh... I want to talk to you.
What did I do this time?
I wanna show you something.
You know,
your father used to say
he cared more about
the people in the story
than the story itself.
I... I know you think
that I'm not supportive
of you becoming a writer
because of what
happened to your dad.
I loved your father very much.
You know, and...
every time he left,
it was like a little piece
of my heart went with him.
It's the same way that I feel
every time
you leave the house.
What is all this?
Is this Dad's stuff?
And now it's yours.
Thought it might mean
something to you.
Writer to writer.
Besides, you're old enough
to have it now.
You grew up on me
so fast, Noah.
Love you, Mom.
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(MUSIC TURNS SUSPENSEFUL)
(OMINOUS CHANTING)
(CHANTING STOPS)
(INDISTINCT COMMENTARY ON TV)
BOY: (GARBLED VOICE) Daddy.
(GENE GRUNTS)
BOY: (ON TV)
Come get me, come get me.
GENE: (ON TV) Hey, get
the lead out, Hank. Come on.
BOY: Daddy...
Why'd you let him
take me, Daddy?
You let the monsters get me.
You let them take me, Daddy.
(IN DISTORTED VOICE)
Why'd you let the monsters
get me, Daddy?
(PANTING)
Why?
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(ENGINE STARTS)
(ELECTRICAL BUZZING)
(SHATTERS)
(GASPS)
(CUCKOO CLOCK CHIMING)
I was born to haunt you!
(OVERLAPPING
DISCORDANT SOUNDS)
(SOUNDS STOP ABRUPTLY)
-Please, no.
-(SHATTERS)
(NOAH PANTING)
(OBJECTS CLATTERING)
(TYPEWRITER KEYS CLACKING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Okay.
(OPERATIC SINGING ON TV)
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
Ronnie, we have a visitor.
Hey, honey. He's a detective.
He's gonna help you, okay?
Does he always watch opera?
To be honest, I don't think
he's watching at all.
There's others like him,
isn't there?
Otherwise, you wouldn't
have come all this way.
Yeah.
Hey, Ronnie.
My name is Gene.
Is it okay if I ask you
a few questions?
I believe something
happened to you recently.
Would you like
to tell me about that?
Hey...
You mind
if I have a look around?
Look around.
Yeah. Thanks, Ronnie. I will.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
Monsters.
(TIRES SCREECH)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC CONTINUES)
Okay.
(MUSIC BUILDS)
(MUSIC TURNS SINISTER)
COMMENTATOR: Up now
the leadoff hitter
and left fielder
for Edgartown...
Number seven, Noah Reed.
Noah Reed
is one for two today.
And has one run batted in.
(CROWD CHEERING)
UMPIRE: Strike one.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(TIRES SCREECH)
(ATTIC DOOR OPENS)
NOAH: It's about time.
What took you so long?
What was so important you need
to speak to us right away?
I know who it is.
-What are you talking about?
-The witch. I know who it is.
Again with this?
You need help.
Come on, Eugene. Let's go.
Guys. I'm serious.
All right. Who is she, then?
It's not a she.
He.
The umpire?
You've got to be joking.
It's him.
He has the burn on his arm
from the explosion
and the same
red algae-stained shoes.
And he was out there with
Eugene and I in those woods.
It's him.
And we have to find him.
-I know where he lives.
-What?
Where?
I was handing out
flyers one day
over at
Chilmark's General Store...
He was riding home
on his bike.
He even took a flyer from me.
It's just off state road.
Where do you think
you're going?
NOAH: I'm going to his house.
Let Carruthers do it.
Don't be stupid.
Yeah. I'm not sure
I can do this, man.
NOAH: Gene's in New Hampshire.
It's literally us or no one.
No? Fine.
I'll go in alone.
All right, man.
Fine. I'm coming.
-What?
-Wait up.
I'm sorry, Sammy.
(GRUNTS) Okay, okay.
I'm coming, guys.
(CROWS CAWING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
EUGENE: This is it.
I'm sure of it.
NOAH: Yeah,
that's the car that chased me.
All right,
you guys ready to do this?
If not us, who?
If not now... when?
Besides, you've got
your story of the century.
Let's do this.
(DOOR CREAKING)
EUGENE: Can you see anything?
SAMMY: Just a messy kitchen.
NOAH: Keep quiet.
He could be anywhere.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Okay, guys. Let's go.
NOAH: Keep your eyes open
for anything
that can give us proof
that he is the witch.
-(GLASS CLINKING)
-(ALL GASP)
-EUGENE: What was that?
-(NOAH SHUSHES)
(SAMMY GASPS)
EUGENE: This place
is definitely haunted.
Guys, split up.
EUGENE: Did you hear that?
SAMMY: No,
I didn't hear anything.
EUGENE: I heard it again!
Get off me!
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
EUGENE: The shoes...
SAMMY: What the heck?
EUGENE: (DEEP BREATHING)
Oh, my God...
(BOTH GASP)
Guys, you gotta see this.
Look.
Ronnie, Kevin, Ben, me.
This is it.
(GRUNTS)
(BASEBALL BAT CLATTERS)
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
(WHIMPERING)
(DRAWER OPENS AND CLOSES)
(SCREAMING)
You kids ever been on a diet?
No, I bet not at your age.
I've been fasting
for a few months now.
And it isn't pleasant.
You become irritable.
Headaches, anxiety,
cravings. Oh...
The cravings.
(SAMMY CRYING)
I'm afraid
there's not gonna be
a fairy tale ending
for you children.
(EUGENE CRYING)
You couldn't just leave
well enough alone, could you?
You've jeopardized
my whole retirement plan.
All the years
of saving and planning.
It's become hard
for an old witch like me.
Eating children,
moving three,
four times a year.
Town to town,
living deep in the woods
like an animal.
But here, there's an endless
supply of children
that come to me
each and every summer.
All it requires...
is a little self-control.
I mean,
drinking a child's youth,
it just... Oh, it doesn't...
It doesn't satisfy
the cravings, you know.
But perhaps a few
little snacks will.
Yeah. Yeah.
But who first?
No!
Eenie meenie...
miney mo.
No, no, no, no!
Catch a child
by the toe.
If he hollers, let her go.
And...
you...
are...
it.
EUGENE: No!
(GROWLS)
(ALL SCREAMING)
Go ahead, fight.
Taste better that way.
(GRUNTS)
Don't you worry, dear boy,
I'll keep an eye
on your friends.
(GASPING)
Oh, and your poor mommy too.
(BOTH GASP)
EUGENE: Let's go.
We gotta get out of here.
Come on. Come on.
(SAMMY YELLS)
-(GROWLS)
-Eugene!
You disgusting little girl!
(SAMMY SCREAMS)
(SCREAMS)
EUGENE: Come on, let's go!
Why you... (GROWLS)
(GUNSHOTS)
(WITCH GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
Okay.
(WITCH LAUGHS)
NOAH: Gene, hurry.
(SCREAMS, GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
EUGENE:
Oh, the silver bullets work.
Get the hell out of here,
you kids!
SAMMY: Noah, come on.
This place is burning up.
-Hey, what can I do to help?
-Scram!
Get out of here!
That's a witch!
EUGENE:
We have to get out of here.
SAMMY: We have to go get help.
This place is burning up.
We have to go.
EUGENE: We have to call
the fire department!
NOAH: Gene!
Gene!
(PANTING)
Gene?
Gene.
-(SOFT THUD)
-(GASPS)
(RATTLING)
GENE: Noah, I thought I...
(WITCH GROWLS)
Gene.
Gene?
-(GENE GROANS)
-NOAH: Gene!
(LAUGHS WICKEDLY)
(SCREAMS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(NOAH STRAINING)
WITCH: Goodbye, dear boy.
(ROARING)
(GUNSHOT)
-(SCREAMS)
-(GUNSHOT)
(GUNSHOT)
(INDISTINCT ECHOING VOICES)
Monsters.
(GUNSHOT)
(WITCH SHRIEKING)
(GENE PANTING)
-Is she...
-Ding-dong.
Come on, kid.
Let's get out of here
before we find out
she's got a sister.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
(SIREN BLARING)
(INDISTINCT ECHOING VOICES)
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
NOAH: My father once said...
he cared more about the people
in the story
than the story itself.
I spent my summer
thinking a story like that
only existed across the waters
from this island.
But I found it here.
Hidden behind
an old wooden fence
children dared not to climb.
About a man
they never tried to know.
(INHALES AND EXHALES DEEPLY)
A father...
a husband...
a public servant.
A true friend.
(SIGHS)
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
Well, what do you think?
Damn, kid, you can write.
This is a hell of a man here.
I wish I could have known him.
Thanks, Noah.
I hear some of the kids
are starting to wake up.
So all's well
in Mayberry again.
Yeah, almost.
Ben is still, um...
different.
Well, you might have to give
that some time, be patient.
Oh...
Sorry it took me so long
to get this back to you.
Oh, no, hang on.
That's a gift. You keep it.
Most kids grew up
reading comic books.
Batman, Superman.
So when I read that book,
that's when I knew that
writers could be heroes, too.
You keep at it.
Well, I'm gonna be
on the road a while. Uh...
Yeah, so I guess
this is goodbye.
Just for a moment.
Put her there.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Yeah. You know how
to get ahold of me, right?
-NOAH: Yeah.
-Run across
any vampires or werewolves,
give a holler.
Yeah.
Drive safe.
-Yeah, you, too.
-Yeah.
(GENE CHUCKLES)
(CROWD CHEERING)
Safe!
-Yeah, Noah.
-EUGENE: Go for it, man.
COMMENTATOR:
That brings up Edgartown's
big cleanup hitter,
Ben Driskel.
BOY: Come on, Ben.
Hurry up!
Come on, Ben.
Strike!
WOMAN: You got it, Ben.
It's okay. It's all right.
Come on, Ben.
EUGENE: You got this, Ben.
Ben, please.
UMPIRE: (VOICE ECHOES)
Strike two!
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
(UPLIFTING MUSIC PLAYING)
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
(ALL CHEERING)
GIRL: Go, Ben!
BOY: Go, Ben!
-Yes!
-Yeah!
COMMENTATOR: Let's hear it
for Big Ben Driskel.
What a great game!
Yes, baby!
-EUGENE: Go, Ben!
-Go!
Ben?
What'd I miss?
ALL: (CHANTING)
Ben! Ben! Ben! Ben! Ben!
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
(MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(WITCH CACKLING)
-(CACKLING ENDS)
-(MUSIC FADES OUT)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)